# good match

[{"idx":75,"registered_num":"298633","name":"BACON CHARITABLE TRUST","website":null,"activities":"MAKING DONATIONS TO SUCH CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS AT SUCH TIMES AND IN SUCH MANNER AS THE TRUSTEES MAY, IN THEIR ABSOLUTE DISCRETION, THINK FIT","objectives":"TO APPLY THE INCOME AND ALL OR SUCH PART OR PARTS OF OF THE CAPITAL FOR OR TOWARDS SUCH CHARITABLE PURPOSES AND TO MAKE DONATIONS TO SUCH CHARITABLE INSTITUTION OR INSTITUTIONS AT SUCH TIME OR TIMES AND IN SUCH MANNER AS THE TRUSTEES MAY IN THEIR ABSOLUTE DESCRETION THINK FIT.","income_latest":"72879.0","expenditure_latest":"72879.0","objectives_activities":"UNDER THE TERMS OF THE CHARITABLE SETTLEMENT: I) THE TRUSTEES SHALL HOLD THE CAPITAL AND INCOME OF THE TRUST FUND UPON TRUST TO APPLY THE INCOME AND ALL OR SUCH PART OR PARTS OF THE CAPITAL FOR OR TOWARDS SUCH CHARITABLE (ACCORDING TO THE LAW OF ENGLAND AND WALES) PURPOSES AND TO MAKE DONATIONS TO SUCH CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS AT SUCH TIME OR TIMES AND IN SUCH MANNER AS THE TRUSTEES MAY, IN THEIR ABSOLUTE DISCRETION, THINK FIT. II) THE TRUSTEES MAY AT THEIR ABSOLUTE DISCRETION FOR THE PERIOD OF 21 YEARS FROM 22 APRIL 1987, INSTEAD OF APPLYING THE INCOME OF THE CHARITY IN ANY YEAR, ACCUMULATE ALL OR ANY PART OF SUCH INCOME AT COMPOUND INTEREST BY INVESTING THE SAME AND THE RESULTING INCOME IN ANY OF THE INVESTMENTS AUTHORIZED IN THE TRUST DEED. III) MONEY TO BE INVESTED UNDER THE TRUST DEAD MAY BE APPLIED OR INVESTED IN THE PURCHASE OF OR AT INTEREST UPON THE SECURITY OF SUCH SHARES, STOCKS, FUNDS, SECURITIES, LAND, BUILDINGS, CHATTELS OR OTHER INVESTMENTS OR PROPERTY OF ANY NATURE AND IN ANY PART OF THE WORLD AND WHETHER INVOLVING LIABILITIES OR PRODUCING INCOME OR NOT AS THE TRUSTEES SHALL IN THEIR ABSOLUTE DISCRETION THINK FIT. ELECTION OF TRUSTEES THE POWER OF APPOINTING NEW TRUSTEES IS VESTED IN THE EXISTING TRUSTEES. ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE THE CHARITY IS RUN BY THE TRUSTEES, WITH ALL DECISIONS BEING TAKEN BY A MAJORITY OF TRUSTEES PRESENT AT ANY DULY CONSTITUTED MEETING. THE TRUSTEES WHO SERVED DURING THE YEAR ARE SET OUT BELOW:- SIR NICHOLAS BACON, BT LADY BACON HE BACON PROGRESS AND ACHIEVEMENTS DURING THE YEAR TO 5 APRIL 2024, THE TRUSTEES HAVE MADE DONATIONS TO SIXTEEN CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS TOTALLING £70,542. PAGE 1","achievements_performance":null,"grant_policy":null,"is_single_ben_funder":false,"is_on_list":false}]

[{"idx":0,"recipient_id":"1207372","recipient_name":"CATTON GROVE COMMUNITY CENTRE CIO","recipient_activities":null,"is_recipient":false}]

# good apart from being on the list

[{"idx":2,"registered_num":"1153470","name":"BEAVERBROOK FOUNDATION","website":"http://www.beaverbrookfoundation.org/","activities":"THE OBJECTS OF THE CHARITY ARE TO:\rA.\tRELIEVE SICKNESS AND PROVIDE SUPPORT FOR THOSE IN POOR HEALTH AND OLD AGE;\rB.\tPROMOTE EDUCATION, INCLUDING THE PROVISION OF SCHOLARSHIP AWARDS, MAINTENANCE ALLOWANCES OR GRANTS\rC.\tADVANCE THE EDUCATION OF THE PUBLIC REGARDING THE FIRST LORD BEAVERBROOK\rD.\tADVANCE THE CHRISTIAN FAITH FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE PUBLIC\rE.\tFURTHER OTHER CHARITABLE PURPOSES","objectives":"THE PURPOSES (THE \"OBJECTS\") OF THE CIO ARE, IN SUCH WAYS AS THE CHARITY TRUSTEES THINK FIT, TO:\n\n(A) RELIEVE SICKNESS, AND PROVIDE SUPPORT FOR THOSE IN POOR HEALTH AND OLD AGE; \n(B) PROMOTE FOR THE PUBLIC BENEFIT THE EDUCATION (INCLUDING SOCIAL AND PHYSICAL TRAINING) OF PEOPLE AT ANY COLLEGE, SCHOOL, INSTITUTION OF HIGHER OR FURTHER EDUCATION, UNIVERSITY OR OTHER EDUCATIONAL ESTABLISHMENT, INCLUDING BY:\n(I) THE AWARD OF SCHOLARSHIPS, MAINTENANCE ALLOWANCES OR GRANTS; AND\n(II) PROVIDING OR ASSISTING IN THE PROVISION OF (OR FACILITIES AT) SUCH EDUCATIONAL ESTABLISHMENTS;\n(C) ADVANCE THE EDUCATION OF THE PUBLIC BY:\n(I) ACQUIRING, HOLDING, RESTORING (IF APPROPRIATE) AND MAINTAINING BOOKS, MANUSCRIPTS, WORKS OF ART, ARTEFACTS AND OTHER CHATTELS RELATING TO THE RIGHT HONOURABLE WILLIAM MAXWELL BARON BEAVERBROOK P.C. (THE \"FIRST LORD BEAVERBROOK\") AND HIS DESCENDANTS IN AN ARCHIVE AND LIBRARY;\n(II) BY MAKING SUCH RESOURCES AVAILABLE TO:\n(A) SCHOLARS FOR THE PURPOSE OF RESEARCH; AND\n(B) AS APPROPRIATE TO THE PUBLIC FOR THE PURPOSE OF VIEWING; AND\n(D) ADVANCE THE CHRISTIAN FAITH FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE PUBLIC MAINLY, BUT NOT EXCLUSIVELY, BY MEANS OF:\n(I) THE MAINTENANCE, IMPROVEMENT OR PROVISION OF ANY CHRISTIAN CHURCH OR OTHER BUILDING;\n(II)THE SUPPORT OF THE CHARITABLE ACTIVITIES OF ANY CHRISTIAN CHURCH, CHAPEL, CONGREGATION OR OTHER ORGANISATION; AND\n(III)THE ASSISTANCE OF MINISTERS OF SUCH CHRISTIAN ORGANISATIONS, WHETHER ACTIVE OR RETIRED; AND\n(E) FURTHER SUCH OTHER CHARITABLE PURPOSES ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD.\n\nNOTHING IN THIS CONSTITUTION SHALL AUTHORISE AN APPLICATION OF THE PROPERTY OF THE CIO FOR PURPOSES WHICH ARE NOT CHARITABLE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 7 OF THE CHARITIES AND TRUSTEE INVESTMENT (SCOTLAND) ACT 2005 OR SECTION 2 OF THE CHARITIES ACT (NORTHERN IRELAND) 2008.","income_latest":"99827.0","expenditure_latest":"570763.0","objectives_activities":null,"achievements_performance":null,"grant_policy":null,"is_potential_sbf":false,"is_on_list":true}]

[{"idx":0,"recipient_id":"1186661","recipient_name":"FAITH IN LATER LIFE LTD","recipient_activities":"- PROVIDING RESOURCES AND INFORMATION REGARDING DIFFERENT ASPECTS OF OLDER AGE TO EQUIP CHRISTIANS AND CHURCHES TO BETTER SERVE OLDER PEOPLE. THIS IS PREDOMINANTLY PROVIDED VIA THE WEBSITE.\r\n- THE WEBSITE ALSO HOSTS A NATIONAL DIRECTORY OF CHURCH RUN ACTIVITIES FOR OLDER PEOPLE IN THE WIDER COMMUNITY TO ATTEND. E.G. A LUNCH CLUB.\r\n- BEING A CHRISTIAN VOICE FOR OLDER PEOPLE, ACROSS SOCIETY.","is_recipient":true}]

# great match - previous funder

[{"idx":0,"registered_num":"219289","name":"JESSIE SPENCER TRUST","website":"https://www.jessiespencertrust.org.uk","activities":"THE SOLE ACTIVITY OF THE TRUST IS THE GIVING OF GRANTS","objectives":"FOR SUCH CHARITABLE PURPOSE OR PURPOSES OR IN THE FURTHERANCE OF SUCH CHARITABLE OBJECT OR OBJECTS AS THE TRUSTEES SHALL IN THEIR ABSOLUTE DISCRETION FROM TIME TO TIME THINK FIT OR DETERMINE.","income_latest":"147545.0","expenditure_latest":"119505.0","objectives_activities":"‘THE SOLE OBJECTIVE AND ACTIVITY IS THE GIVING OFGRANTS. ‘THE TRUSTEES HAVE HAD DUE REGARD TO THE GUIDANCE PUBLISHED BY THE CHARITY COM: WHEN REVIEWING THE CHARITY’S AIMS AND OBJECTIVES AND IN PLANNING FUTURE ACTIVITIES. ION ON PUBLIC BENEFIT ACHIEVEMENTS AND PERFORMANCE ‘THE INCOME OF THE ‘TRUST DURING THE YEAR AMOUNTED TO £147,545 (2024: 140,778). DURING THE YEAR THE TRUSTEES AWARDED GRANTS TO INSTITUTIONS AND I £104,900). A FULL BREAKDOWN CAN BE FOUND ON PAGES 13 TO 15. VISUALS AMOUNTING TO £101,025 (2024: ‘THE NET ASSETS THE TRUST AMOUNTED TO £5,114,780 (2024: £5,378,249) AT THE YEAR END. FINANCIAL REVIEW ‘THE TRUSTEES’ RESERVES POLICY IS TO ACHIEVE A ZERO BALANCE ON THE INCOME ACCOUNT. A TRANSFER OF 10% THE INCOME LESS EXPENSES IS MADE FROM THE INCOME TO THE CAPITAL FUND EACH YEAR WITH A VIEW TO ENSURING THAT THE VALUE OF THE CAPITAL FUND INCREASES BY MORE THAN THE LEVEL OF INFLATION. THIS POLICY WAS INTRODUCED BY A RESOLUTION OF THE TRUSTEES DATED 14 JUNE 1991. ‘THE TRUST DEED GIVES THE TRUSTEES THE POWER TO MAKE INVESTMENTS AS THEY THINK FIT AND AT THEIR ABSOLUTE DISCRETION. NONE THE TRUSTEES RECEIVED ANY REMUNERATION FOR THEIR SERVICES OR REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES. 2","achievements_performance":"‘THE INCOME OF THE ‘TRUST DURING THE YEAR AMOUNTED TO £147,545 (2024: 140,778). DURING THE YEAR THE TRUSTEES AWARDED GRANTS TO INSTITUTIONS AND I £104,900). A FULL BREAKDOWN CAN BE FOUND ON PAGES 13 TO 15. VISUALS AMOUNTING TO £101,025 (2024: ‘THE NET ASSETS THE TRUST AMOUNTED TO £5,114,780 (2024: £5,378,249) AT THE YEAR END. FINANCIAL REVIEW ‘THE TRUSTEES’ RESERVES POLICY IS TO ACHIEVE A ZERO BALANCE ON THE INCOME ACCOUNT. A TRANSFER OF 10% THE INCOME LESS EXPENSES IS MADE FROM THE INCOME TO THE CAPITAL FUND EACH YEAR WITH A VIEW TO ENSURING THAT THE VALUE OF THE CAPITAL FUND INCREASES BY MORE THAN THE LEVEL OF INFLATION. THIS POLICY WAS INTRODUCED BY A RESOLUTION OF THE TRUSTEES DATED 14 JUNE 1991. ‘THE TRUST DEED GIVES THE TRUSTEES THE POWER TO MAKE INVESTMENTS AS THEY THINK FIT AND AT THEIR ABSOLUTE DISCRETION. NONE THE TRUSTEES RECEIVED ANY REMUNERATION FOR THEIR SERVICES OR REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES. 2","grant_policy":null,"is_potential_sbf":false,"is_on_list":false}]

[{"idx":17,"recipient_id":"206002","recipient_name":"COMBAT STRESS","recipient_activities":"THE CHARITY PROVIDES RELIEF OF NEED AND ADVANCEMENT OF HEALTH OF VETERANS AND OTHERS IN THE ARMED FORCES NETWORK, WHICH INCLUDES MEMBERS OF THE BRITISH ARMY, ROYAL NAVY, ROYAL AIR FORCE AND THE ROYAL FLEET AUXILIARY (AND REGULAR RESERVES, VOLUNTEER RESERVES, AND SPONSORED RESERVES OF THESE BODIES), AND THEIR FAMILIES, DEPENDENTS AND SUPPORT NETWORK, WHO HAVE OR HAVE HAD MENTAL HEALTH ISSUES.","is_recipient":true}]

# okay-ish match

[{"idx":0,"registered_num":"287947","name":"GRUT TRUST","website":null,"activities":"THE CHARITY MAKES CHARITABLE DONATIONS TO REGISTERED CHARITIES. IT CAN NOT ACCEPT SUBMISSIONS FOR GRANTS TO INDIVIDUALS AND REQUESTS APPLICATIONS BY REGISTERED CHARITIES ONLY BE MADE BY EMAIL.","objectives":"SUCH OBJECTS OR PURPOSES (WHETHER IN THE UNITED KINGDON OR ELSEWHERE) BEING CHARITABLE OBJECTS OR PURPOSES ACCORDING TO THE LAW OF ENGLAND AS THE TRUSTEES MAY FROM TIME TO TIME DETERMINE.","income_latest":"11144.0","expenditure_latest":"5205.0","objectives_activities":null,"achievements_performance":null,"grant_policy":null,"is_potential_sbf":false,"is_on_list":false}]

[{"idx":0,"recipient_id":"1205530","recipient_name":"NORTHERN CANCER VOICES","recipient_activities":"NORTHERN CANCER VOICES ARE FORMED FROM A GROUP OF SERVICE USERS WITH A DESIRE TO IMPROVE SERVICES FOR CANCER PATIENTS THROUGHOUT THE NORTH EAST AND NORTH CUMBRIA NHS ICB. WE HAVE PREVIOUSLY SPECIALISED IN PATIENT STORIES PRODUCING QUALITATIVE FEEDBACK FOR TRUSTS USING PATIENT ACCOUNTS. WE HAVE NOW ADDED AN INNOVATIVE DIGITAL SURVEY TOOL WHICH WILL PROVIDE MUCH NEEDED REAL TIME MEASUREMENT","is_recipient":false}]

# very bad match

[{"idx":511,"registered_num":"1190334","name":"JOHN WHIPPY FOUNDATION","website":null,"activities":"PROVIDING GRANTS","objectives":"TO RELIEVE THE CHARITABLE NEEDS OF SICK, DISABLED OR DISADVANTAGED CHILDREN UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE WITHIN EAST SUSSEX BY PROVIDING CHARITABLE DONATIONS TO REGISTERED CHARITIES AND SMALL DONATIONS NOT EXCEEDING £1,000 TO INDIVIDUALS AND FAMILIES AND BY RAISING AWARENESS OF THE NEEDS OF SUCH CHILDREN.","income_latest":"94.0","expenditure_latest":"5000.0","objectives_activities":null,"achievements_performance":null,"grant_policy":null,"is_potential_sbf":false,"is_on_list":false}]

[{"idx":0,"recipient_id":"1146676","recipient_name":"ANIMAL RESCUE CYMRU","recipient_activities":"SMALL ANIMAL CHARITY, TAKING IN AND RESCUING ALL TYPES OF DOMESTIC ANIMALS FROM ALL OVER WALES. WE HOLD MICRO CHIPPING DAYS TO PROMOTE MICRO CHIPPING AT A FAR REDUCED RATE. WE HAVE DISPLAYS SET UP TO EDUCATE THE PUBLIC TO THE PLIGHT OF THESE ABANDONED ANIMALS AND HOW TO PREVENT AND HELP. SCHOOL TALKS, CLUB TALKS UNDERTAKEN FOR EDUCATING YOUNG AND OLD ALIKE.","is_recipient":false}]

